Add some examples to logging docs (#7)
ba-st/Bell: docs/reference/Logging.md

- `emitInfo:` and `emitInfo:during:` will produce informational signals.
- `emitWarning:` will produce warning signals.
- `emitError:` will produce error signals.

## Loggers

> Log records are finally outputted in some format by configuring a Logger handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log records are finally output in some format by setting a logger to handle
```
